br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/dtos/CategoriaDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.dtos.CategoriaDTO
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/services/impl/MarcaServiceImpl.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.services.impl.MarcaServiceImpl
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/controllers/ProdutoController.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.controllers.ProdutoController
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/dtos/ProdutoDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.dtos.ProdutoDTO
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/services/MarcaService.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.services.MarcaService
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/entities/Modelo.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.entities.Modelo
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/services/impl/ProdutoServiceImpl.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.services.impl.ProdutoServiceImpl
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/dtos/CadastroProdutoDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.dtos.CadastroProdutoDTO
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/dtos/ModeloDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.dtos.ModeloDTO
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/controllers/CategoriaController.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.controllers.CategoriaController
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/repositories/CategoriaRepository.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.repositories.CategoriaRepository
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/entities/Marca.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.entities.Marca
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/MsProdutoApplication.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.MsProdutoApplication
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/repositories/ModeloRepository.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.repositories.ModeloRepository
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/services/ProdutoService.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.services.ProdutoService
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/controllers/MarcaController.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.controllers.MarcaController
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/repositories/ProdutoRepository.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.repositories.ProdutoRepository
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/services/impl/ModeloServiceImpl.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.services.impl.ModeloServiceImpl
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/services/ModeloService.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.services.ModeloService
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/entities/Produto.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.entities.Produto
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/dtos/MarcaDTO.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.dtos.MarcaDTO
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/entities/Categoria.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.entities.Categoria
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/services/impl/CategoriaServiceImpl.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.services.impl.CategoriaServiceImpl
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/repositories/MarcaRepository.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.repositories.MarcaRepository
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/services/CategoriaService.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.services.CategoriaService
br/com/fiap/arremate/msproduto/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 br.com.fiap.arremate.msproduto.config.SwaggerConfig
